Update trustCertVSC.md (#13782)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/trustCertVSC.md

  ```console
  dotnet dev-certs https --trust
  ```
  

>   The preceding command does not work on Linux distributions. See your Linux documenation for trusting a certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The preceding command doesn't work on Linux. See your Linux distribution's documentation for trusting a certificate.
```
